[DAE-145] Release 1.0.8 (#63)
quintoandar/hive-metastore-client: CHANGELOG.md

Preferably use **Added**, **Changed**, **Removed** and **Fixed** topics in each release or unreleased log for a better organization.

## [1.0.8](https://github.com/quintoandar/hive-metastore-client/releases/tag/1.0.8)
### Changed

> * Added if clause to check the default values for TableBuilder and SerdeInfoBuilder constructor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added if clause to check the default values for `TableBuilder` and `SerdeInfoBuilder` constructor
```

Reviewer: Actually, it is kind of tricky to have a **Changed** topic that starts with **Added** haha
What about:
```suggestion
* Replaced default values for `TableBuilder` and `SerdeInfoBuilder` constructors when no value is provided for specific lists and dicts
```

Author: yes, it's better hahaha
